[Music]
hey guys if it's here yesterday I did a
trade our contract with the teen blind
spots P 91 sports and I got the awfully
affect you but apparently it's like a
it's a new update or something yeah it's
not just from the same collection
anymore I was just watching the video
before they're like it's just not the
same collection but it's just any
condition now I'm not too sure how it
works but it just makes you know there's
more options to get different cunning mo
so like I was thinking just make a video
see what I can get
I was looking at these famous sergeants
I could get a red line
make a red line and that would be
fucking awesome but then again I could
get a p90 try again or no vant account
worth as much but I think the way it
works is you put on one gun from that
collection and that gives you a like a
10% chance from that collection to get
it so let's say these are all these
pistols are from the csgo histories so
for fourth season they put someone from
there that collection yeah yeah it's
like a 50% chance someone to get next
one up so a CZ teacher or p250 antidote
so what I'm thinking is I should try and
rescue these three four masses so it's a
30% chance
and then I'm not gonna even have enough
I am Oh
[Music]
what if I forgot the rising scales here
as well
m4a1s Korean Mindy or redline see now
there's so many options so many it's
like a high chance to get so many
different kind of things knees and I
chuckle dragon ocean foam graphite I
think ah I think I have a I think I
should yeah I'm gonna do it I'm chucking
this get rid of these Chuck and these
so those are part of the same collection
are they yeah this is so tricky is it
worth it a carat line or bread line so
it's 40% chance each and one sorry 10%
chance for that or just another pistol I
could just and this is tricky put on
this okay I'm gonna see what I get out
of this this might be a really risky but
let's hope we get something good I mean
I'm not gonna use these cameras anyway
if I was gonna you suppose I'm in their
pulse but just make a little little
smiley face with the penis all right I
think I don't know so we get something
good please please be great yes oh my
god no way that's fucking ridiculous
Oh what is that built estat Wow holy
crap oh my god
oh my god I was so expecting something
early shit like just anything else oh
it's amazing
I want to try this with other stuff now
oh my god
no way I get I I'm gonna guess I was
pretty lucky it's not as simple as that
it can't be though I have enough for
another I do think I'm not gonna use
these other ones you thing else I can
that's really worth it well that's
amazing the oh great that's amazing I
extend the stop recording I'm sorry yeah
thanks thanks for watching guys
yeah I might do another one of these but
we'll have to see alright Cheers you let
it
you